README.md, before:


## Project Description
This is a portfolio website to display the web development work of Sarah Phillips.
- View the site here: https://sarahphillipsdev.surge.sh/

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/XSqjlCZ.png"
     width="500"
     alt="screengrab of app">
     
## Made With
- React
- Some Bootstrap

***
## Featured Projects

### So Trashy

So Trashy uses D3.js to create data visualization to represent New York City's Department of Sanitation's (DSNY) monthly collection of refuse and recycling from 2014 to 2018.

- View So Trashy here: http://sotrashy.surge.sh/

#### Background
DSNY collects residential and public school refuse and recycling, empties street litter baskets, cleans up abandoned property such as cars, tires and bicycles and collects other types of refuse, such as the detritus left in public spaces after Superstorm Sandy. DSNY does not pick up commercial refuse from offices, shops, business, institutions or construction sites.

DSNY publishes monthly reports detailing how many tons of refuse, paper/cardboard and metal/glass/plastic/drink carton has been collected, categorized by borough and further categorized into Community District (CD). Currently the monthly report does not contain data on how much organic material is being collected.

- View the DSNY Monthly Tonnage Data here: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/DSNY-Monthly-Tonnage-Data/ebb7-mvp5
- View the DSNY Recycling Diversion and Capture Rates here: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Environment/Recycling-Diversion-and-Capture-Rates/gaq9-z3hz
***

### twohue

twohue is a one-player color mixing game. Players are presented with a color sample that they must recreate using two transparent color swatches from a set of 6.

twohue is a skilled "guessing" game, where players must choose the two correct answers out of larger set of potential answers.

twohue is a front-end game created with React. 

- View twohue here: https://twohue.surge.sh/ 
***

Commit message:

nav items to styled components

README.md, after:


## Project Description
This is a portfolio website to display the software development work of Sarah Phillips.
- View the site here: https://sarahphillipsdev.surge.sh/

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/XSqjlCZ.png"
     width="500"
     alt="screengrab of app">
     
## Made With
- React
- styled-components.js
- Some Bootstrap (for the hamburger menu)

***
## Featured Projects

### So Trashy

So Trashy uses D3.js to create data visualization to represent New York City's Department of Sanitation's (DSNY) monthly collection of refuse and recycling from 2014 to 2018.

- View So Trashy here: http://sotrashy.surge.sh/

#### Background
DSNY collects residential and public school refuse and recycling, empties street litter baskets, cleans up abandoned property such as cars, tires and bicycles and collects other types of refuse, such as the detritus left in public spaces after Superstorm Sandy. DSNY does not pick up commercial refuse from offices, shops, business, institutions or construction sites.

DSNY publishes monthly reports detailing how many tons of refuse, paper/cardboard and metal/glass/plastic/drink carton has been collected, categorized by borough and further categorized into Community District (CD). Currently the monthly report does not contain data on how much organic material is being collected.

- View the DSNY Monthly Tonnage Data here: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/DSNY-Monthly-Tonnage-Data/ebb7-mvp5
- View the DSNY Recycling Diversion and Capture Rates here: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Environment/Recycling-Diversion-and-Capture-Rates/gaq9-z3hz
***

### twohue

twohue is a one-player color mixing game. Players are presented with a color sample that they must recreate using two transparent color swatches from a set of 6.

twohue is a skilled "guessing" game, where players must choose the two correct answers out of larger set of potential answers.

twohue is a front-end game created with React and Node/Express.

- View twohue here: https://twohue.surge.sh/ 
***
